        Virtual Audio Cable


At first, please unpack the distribution package into an empty folder
on a local drive, making sure that local folder path does not contain
special characters like "#", "&" or similar. Unpacking the package,
preserve folder structure (after unpacking, destination folder should
contain "x86" and "x64" subfolders).

If you are new to Virtual Audio Cable, please read the user manual
before installation. The best way to open the manual is to run
installer application named Setup and click the "Help" button in the
first installation dialog.

The user manual file (vac.chm, a file named "vac" with a sheet and
question mark icon) is an HTML Help format file.

Do not open manual file from a network path or directly from the
package otherwise help pages may not be displayed due to security
restrictions. Copy the file to a local drive before opening. Please
make sure that local file path does not contain special characters.

If user manual file is opened from a local drive but pages on the right
pane are not displayed properly, please check if vac.chm file has the
"Unblock" button in its Properties form (right-click the file to open
its properties). If yes, unblock it.

See also "How blocking some attachments helps protect your computer"
topic in Windows Help (Start - Help and Support) and
http://support.microsoft.com/kb/902225.

Reading the manual, don't forget that there is the "Search" tab. Having
a problem, enter some words related to the problem and appropriate
pages will be displayed. Of course, search feature will not help if you
enter a question like "how can I use it?". It only finds pages
containing given keywords.
